feat(docker): explain 'jattach' inside docker image (#1700)
bonitasoft/bonita-doc: modules/ROOT/pages/bonita-docker-installation.adoc

Once renewed from Bonita Customer Portal, the license file and the configuration files are updated using the Setup tool.

Setup tool can be used outside the Docker container directly by downloading the Tomcat bundle and running it from there.

[NOTE]
====

The setup tool needs to be able to access the database. Because of that, if the database is in a docker container, its port must be exposed to the host.
====

See xref:bonita-bpm-platform-setup.adoc#update_platform_conf[setup tool page] for more information.

== Troubleshoot and debug problems inside a Docker container

> Bonita pass:a[{bonitaVersion}] docker image comes with a use tool embedded, xref:https://github.com/apangin/jattach[jattach], that allows to interact with the Tomcat JVM inside a Bonita container via Dynamic Attach mechanism.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Bonita pass:a[{bonitaVersion}] docker image comes with a set of tools embedded, xref:https://github.com/apangin/jattach[jattach], that allows to interact with the Tomcat JVM inside a Bonita container via Dynamic Attach mechanism.
```

> Example of useful commands it supports, that you can run from outside the container include:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Example of useful commands it supports, that you can run from outside the container, include:
```
